---
title:  "[Oct.2022] Trans. Power Electronics 1st author"
excerpt: "MTPA Tracking Control of Sensorless IPMSM Based on Square-Wave Voltage Signal Injection."

categories:
  - research
tags:
  - Journal
  - 1st Author
  - Year2022
last_modified_at: 2022-05-30T11:03+09:00
---

**J. Yoo**, H. -S. Kim, and S. -K. Sul, "MTPA Tracking Control of Sensorless IPMSM Based on Square-Wave Voltage Signal Injection," in *IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics*.  


[IEEE-Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9785913)  
[Preprint Download](/assets/papers/TPE2022_1_AcceptedVersion.pdf)  


>This paper proposes an online maximum torque-per-Ampere (MTPA) control of an interior permanent-magnet synchronous motor (IPMSM) based on the square-wave voltage signal injection. Because the proposed method does not rely on a position sensor, it is applicable to sensorless IPMSMs. The proposed algorithm consists of a dynamic inductance estimator, frequency-adaptive flux observer, and an MTPA tracking controller. The proposed inductance estimation utilizes the pulsating square-wave voltage injection, which can maximize the injection frequency, and the dynamic performance can be preserved during the signal injection. Through the online flux and inductance estimation, the magnetic saturation of the IPMSM and the temperature variation can be fully considered in the MTPA control. The conventional rotor position estimator is replaced with the MTPA tracking controller, which does not rely on offline commissioning parameters. The proposed algorithm can operate under both the torque control and speed control mode, and accurate torque control on MTPA curve can be achieved. The simulation and experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method accurately tracks the MTPA point up to 200% of the rated torque in the mid-and high-speed region.  
