---
title:  "[May.2023] Trans. Power Electronics co-author"
excerpt: "Model Predictive Control for Six-Step Operation of PMSM Based on Adapted Fast Gradient Method."
header:
  teaser: "/assets/images/teaser_default.jpg" # path of fallback teaser image, e.g. "/assets/images/500x300.png"
categories:
  - research
tags:
  - Journal
  - Co-Author
  - Year2023
last_modified_at: 2023-03-01T11:06+09:00
---

J. Yun, **J. Yoo**, S. Cui and S. -K. Sul, "Model Predictive Control for Six-Step Operation of PMSM Based on Adapted Fast Gradient Method," in *IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics*, vol. 38, no. 5, pp. 5952-5962, May 2023, doi: 10.1109/TPEL.2023.3240510.  
[IEEE-Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10029909)  
<!--
[Preprint Download](/assets/papers/TPE2023-co_AcceptedVersion.pdf)  
-->
  
>This paper proposes model predictive control (MPC) of permanent magnet synchronous machines covering both the space vector modulation and the six-step operation. According to the estimated stator flux and its reference trajectory corresponding to modulation methods, the optimization problem is formulated and solved through the adapted fast gradient method (FGM). The proposed FGM performs the projection operation through the offset voltage injection method and calculates gradients by dynamic programming to reduce the computational cost. Based on the proposed FGM, the MPC is devised with the system state compensation under the six-step operation. The validity of the proposed work is verified by simulation and experiments. By the proposed MPC, the flux regulation reveals optimized dynamic performance under the continuous transition between the space vector modulation and the six-step operation. Moreover, the computation time of the gradient calculation and projection operation are respectively reduced by 52% and 9.1%, compared to the conventional method.  
